Instructions for shared port (#488)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/other/install-gwms-frontend.md

!!! note
    GlideinWMS versions prior to 3.4.1 also required port 9615 for the Schedd,
    and did not support using shared port for the secondary collectors.
    If you are upgrading a standalone submit host from version 3.4 or earlier, the default open 

>     port has changed from 9615 to 9618 and you need to upgrade your firewall rules to reflect this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    port has changed from 9615 to 9618, and you need to update your firewall rules to reflect this change.
```

>     You figure out which port would be used by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can figure out which port will be used by running the following command:
```
